
### Q1.

Expanding  $f(x_0)$ at $a$ or $b$, we could have 

$$ f(x_0) = f(a） +  \frac{f^{(2)}(\chi_1)}{2} (x_0-a)^2 $$

$$ f(x_0) = f(b） +  \frac{f^{(2)}(\chi_2)}{2} (x_0-b)^2 $$

where $\chi_1 \in [a,x_0]$ and $\chi_2 \in [x_0,b]$

Suppose $x_0 = (a+b)/2$, which imply that 

$$ f(\frac{a+b}{2}) =  f(a） +  \frac{f^{(2)}(\chi_1)}{2}\frac{ (b-a)^2}{4} =  f(b） +  \frac{f^{(2)}(\chi_2)}{2} \frac{(b-a)^2}{4} $$


Then we could have $$  \frac{8}{(b-a)^2}|f(b) - f(a)| = |f^{(2)}(\chi_1)-f^{(2)}(\chi_2)|\le |f^{(2)}(\chi_1)|+|f^{(2)}(\chi_2)| \le 2 max( |f^{(2)}(\chi_1)|,|f^{(2)}(\chi_2)| )$$


Then it could be told that the maximum value of  $|f^{(2)}(\chi_1)|$ and $|f^{(2)}(\chi_2)|$ would be greater than $\frac{4}{(b-a)^2}|f(b) - f(a)| $. Statement is verified.



Q2.

From the statement, we could have 

$$ \frac{h^n}{n!}f^{(n)}(x+\theta h) = \frac{h^n}{n!}f^{(n)}(x) + \frac{h^{n+1}}{(n+1)!}f^{(n+1)}(x) + o(h^{n+1})$$

Now we set $g(x) = f^{(n)}(x)$, the equation coule be rewritten as 

$$ g(x+\theta h) = g(x) + \frac{h}{n+1}g'(x) + \frac{ n!}{h^n} O(h^{n+1})$$

From the taylor series expanision, we know 

$$ g'(x) = \lim_{ h \to 0} \frac{g(x+\theta h) - g(x)}{\theta h} = \lim_{h \to 0} \frac{ \frac{h}{n+1}g'(x) + \frac{ n!}{h^n} O(h^{n+1})}{\theta h}=\lim_{ h \to 0} \frac{ 1 }{\theta (n+1)} g'(x)$$

Therefore 

$$\lim_{ h \to 0} \theta = \frac{1}{n+1}$$

Q3.

$ \left| x\right\rangle $ is used to dentoe a vector in $\mathcal{R}^n$. 

(a)

Sufficiency：


 From the statement,
 $$  (A-I)A\left| x\right\rangle = 0,\ \ \forall \left| x\right\rangle$$
 therefore $range(A)$ will be the null space of operator $A-I$. Then from $range(A) = range(B)$,  $range(B)$ will also be the null space of $A-I$, namely for 
 
 $$(A-I) B \left| x\right\rangle = 0 ,\ for \ any  \left| x\right\rangle$$

which implies

$$ AB = B$$

Similarly， we could have $ BA = A$

Necessity：

Since $A (B\left| x\right\rangle) \in range(A)$ for arbitrary x,  and $A (B\left| x\right\rangle) = B \left| x\right\rangle$, we could see 

$$range (B) \in range(A)$$

Also, we could have 

$$range (A) \in range(B)$$,

then $range(A) = range(B)$.

(b) 

Sufficiency：

From the satement it implies, if arbitary $x$, if $A\left| x\right\rangle=0$, then $B\left| x\right\rangle=0$; or if $B\left| x\right\rangle=0$, then $A\left| x\right\rangle=0$.

For arbitrary $x$, since $A(A-I)\left| x\right\rangle =0 $, we could also have $B(A-I)\left| x\right\rangle =0 $.

Then $BA=B$.  Similarly we could derive $AB = A$.


Necessity：

If $A\left| x\right\rangle=0$, $BA\left| x\right\rangle=B\left| x\right\rangle=0$.

Meanwhile,  $B\left| x\right\rangle=0$, $AB\left| x\right\rangle=A\left| x\right\rangle=0$.

Therefore $null(A) = null(B)$

Q4.

Suppose $||x|| = \sqrt{x^Tx}= \rho_0 $ and $u_j^T u_i = \delta_{ij}$, where $u_i$ is the i-th normalized eigenvector of $A$.

Any vector x can be represented by a linear combination of the orthogonal eigenvectors,

$$x = \rho_0 \sum_j \rho_{j} u_j\ \ with\ \sum_j |\rho_j|^2 = 1$$


$$x^T Ax = \rho^2 \sum_j (\rho_j u_j^T) A  (\rho_i u_i) = x^Tx \sum_i \rho_i^2 \lambda_i$$

Then $$x^T Ax = x^Tx \sum_i \rho_i^2 \lambda_i \le   x^Tx \lambda_n \sum_i \rho_i^2\le \lambda_n x^Tx$$

Similarly we have $$x^T Ax \ge \lambda_1 x^Tx$$

Q5. 

(1)

Sppose point $y_{1j}$ is in the set. Then $y_{1j}\ge y_{1j}\ge 0$ if $i<j$.

We denote $y_{2j} = .2 y_{1j}$ and $y_{3j}=.8 y_{1j}$, we could always have $y_{1j}=y_{2j}+y_{3j}$. Also, it is easy to check that  $y_{2j}$ and $y_{3j}$ will also be in set S. 

If $y_{2j} = y_{3j}$ always hold, we would say $y_{1j}$ is extreme point, otherwise $y_{ij}$ will not be extremepoint. The equation only hold when $y_{1j}=0$ for all j. Therefore,

only the orgin is the extreme point, which could be combined by other distict points in the set with a form $\alpha x_1 + (1-\alpha)x_2$ for some $\alpha$,  $0<\alpha<1$,


(2) 

the directions would be $u_j = (\underbrace{0,\cdots,0}_{j-1},1,\underbrace{0,\cdots,0}_{n-j})$.

And the points in the set will be represented as $\sum_j x_ju_j$



Q6.

(1)

If arbitary $x_1 \in S_1 \cap \S_2$  and $x_2 \in S_1 \cap \S_2$ ,

since $S_1$ is convex, for every real number $0<\alpha<1$, 
$$x_1 \alpha + x_2 (1-\alpha) \in S_1$$
Similarly ,
$$x_1 \alpha + x_2 (1-\alpha) \in S_2$$

Then 

$$x_1 \alpha + x_2 (1-\alpha) \in S_1 \cap S_2$$.

which means the intersection of two convex sets are convex. 

Similary, we could find for any two point in the intersection of all convex sets, their combination with a form $\alpha x_1 + (1-\alpha)x_2$ for some $\alpha$,  $0<\alpha<1$, will also be in the intersection, which ensure the statements.


Hence a convex hull will also be convex.

(2)

Suppose arbitary $x_1$ and $x_2$ in set $C$, then we could have 

$$A x_1 \le b,\ \ Ax_2 \le b$$

for some $\alpha$,  $0<\alpha<1$, we could have 

$$ A\alpha x_1 \le \alpha b,\ \ A (1-\alpha)x_2 \le (1-\alpha) b$$.

Then $$A[\alpha x_1 + (1-\alpha)x_2 ] \le b$$

Therefore $\alpha x_1 + (1-\alpha)x_2$ will also be in set $C$. Therefore $C$ is convex set.

(3) 

From the defination of convex , if  arbitary $x_1$ and $x_2$ in a set, if and only if, for some $\alpha$,  $0<\alpha<1$, $\alpha x_1 + (1-\alpha)x_2$  will be in the set.



